Terms of Service ("Terms")

Last updated: 26/04/2024

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the MyCourseList API (the "Service") developed by Swetank Upadhyay ("me", "I", or "my").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply solely to you as the developer of the Service.

By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not access the Service.

Termination

I reserve the right to terminate or suspend access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach these Terms.

All provisions of these Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.

Limitation of Liability

In no event shall I, Swetank Upadhyay, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not I have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

Links To Other Web Sites

The Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by me. I have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that I shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
